{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;
\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;
\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analysis of transcription factors CHIP-seq datasets with chipnchop\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 1. Introduction
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 PRR5 is a Pseudo-Response Regulator whose mutation affects various circadian-associated biological events such as: flowering time in the long-day photoperiod conditions, red light sensitivity of seedlings during early photomorphogenesis, and acts as transcriptional repressor. regulating the hypocotyl growth under photoperiodic conditions.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 2. Usage\

\f1\b0 \
Usage is really simple. You just have to call chipnchop function (\'91bash chipnchop\'92) plus the COMPLETE PATH to the parameters file. Apart from that, you may write -TF in order to activate the option that will allow you to work with this transcription factor. This last option is not crucial, as -TF is set by default. \
\
After checking all parameters are properly read, just wait\'85 Depending on how many samples you have, as well as the weight of genome and annotation files, it should last longer or be faster.  \
\

\f0\b 3. Usage example\

\f1\b0 \
We suggest using GNU screen as you are not yet allowed to parallelize the process.\
\
After downloading (and opening a screen), go to chipnchop directory and type:\
\
	bash chipnchop  full/installation/path/to/test/transcription_factor/test_params.txt -TF\
\
Check if directories and parameters are correctly read.\
\
After that, chill. This is going to take a bit. This example has been adapted, so it shouldn\'92t take more than 10 min. \
}